If I won the award for laziness, I would send somebody to pick it up for me.
Some people are like clouds. When they go away, it's a brighter day.
When nothing is going right, go left.
A best friend is like a four leaf clover, hard to find, lucky to have.
My goal this weekend is to move... just enough so people don't think I'm dead.
I don't need a hair stylist, my pillow gives me a new hairstyle every morning.
I wish my wallet came with free refills.
Life always offers you a second chance.  It's called tomorrow.
Common sense is like deodorant, those who need it the most never use it.
If you're hotter than me, then that means I'm cooler than you.
My wallet is like an onion, opening it makes me cry.
If we shouldn't eat at night, why is there a light in the fridge?
Maybe if we tell people the brain is an app, they'll start using it.
Silence is golden, unless you have kids, then silence is just plain suspicious.
When you fall, I will be there to catch you - With love, the floor.
My six pack is protected by a layer of fat.
Don't worry if plan A fails, there are 25 more letters in the alphabet.
For the best seat in the house, you'll have to move the dog.
When the past comes knocking, don't answer.  It has nothing new to tell you.
My room is like the Bermuda triangle, stuff goes in and is never seen again.
I love my job only when I'm on vacation.
If people are talking behind your back, be happy that you are the one in front.
If everyone knew what I was thinking, I would get punched in the face a lot.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Waiting until the movie starts to eat your popcorn, hardest thing in the world.
I am on a seafood diet.  I see food, and I eat it.
Friends buy you food. Best friends eat your food.
They say "don't try this at home" so I'm coming over to your house to try it.
A balanced diet means a cupcake in each hand.
Sometimes I wish I was an octopus, so I could slap eight people at once.
My silence spoke a thousand words, but you never heard them.
The great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
I'm not lazy, I'm just very relaxed.
Doing nothing is hard, you never know when you're done.
Don't give up on your dreams so soon, sleep longer.
A mind is like a parachute. It doesn't work if it is not open.
Paper cut: A tree's final moment of revenge.
The future is shaped by your dreams, so stop wasting time and go to sleep!
Exercise? I thought you said extra fries!
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.
All my life I thought air was free, until I bought a bag of chips.
You wanna know who I'm in love with? Read the first word again.
Lazy people fact #2347827309018287. You were too lazy to read that number.
I didn't fall, I'm just spending some quality time with the floor.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Seeing a spider in my room isn't scary. It's scary when it disappears.
Everybody wants to go to heaven; but nobody wants to die.
Who says nothing is impossible? I've been doing nothing for years.
Yes of course I am athletic... I surf the Internet every day.
I did not trip and fall.  I attacked the floor and I believe I am winning.
Give me a photo of you so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas.
People say you can't live without love, but I think oxygen is more important.
We all have baggage, find someone who loves you enough to help you unpack.
Yesterday I did nothing and today I'm finishing what I did yesterday.
